This is a head-gum original.
You guys ready?
I see all like this stuff.
I'm not listening.
Is it that bad?
Why don't you do it?
Give it that's the same thing.
That's the same thing.
What do you mean by taking it up here in the room?
Oh no, it's more balanced.
It's better.
It's like, alright.
That's fine.
It's even fucking weird.
He says you're going to wear a necklace.
No, he's kind of...
He's kind of...
I don't think I can do this in here.
It's always been similar.
This is a little bit coming in the right.
He's scared.
I was about to hear about you and play me.
I'm going after a dark.
I was going that time.
I said that when I walked in.
You walked in with a spin-drip.
That's what you meant to say.
I didn't walk in with a spin-drip.
He did say he had him after dark.
So I don't know if that was like you quoting him or like...
That was me saying it for the first time or like...
I said it on the way in.
Yeah.
And I said it at the same time.
I thought it.
Melanie Bracewell on the show all the way from New Zealand.
I was...
I was just for this which is crazy.
Yeah.
I want a bed trip.
The genuinely feels like it because I'm staying in Santa Monica.
And I had to take an hour and a half.
But again.
Oh my god.
I forget how big L.I. is.
It's fine.
That is...
It's like...
Yeah.
Worth it.
Ladies.
Yeah.
Don't ever.
Sorry.
I'm still soaring off of the powerhouse women episode.
We...
You heard.
What's that?
Yeah.
I didn't say anything.
I mean I started to say...
I had to go back after dark.
Right?
So?
So the energy's got a fun.
Is it not...
So it's like when you're recording during daylight.
Well...
Seriously.
All business and working hours.
So this is fun you.
Which is...
Yeah.
What is happening before?
Because you was like a mess before too.
It already feels worse.
Really?
Yeah.
Plug your guys and stuff up top.
We'll get up.
Do you all have a lot going on?
We haven't proven ourselves.
I'm serious too.
All right.
I'm editing this crazy too because it's...
Oh.
I had gone after dark.
Say it with me.
Obviously.
What do you want?
Like what gets us out of the room the fastest.
There are only 57 minutes of joy and sort of an aspirational hour of wisdom.
I'm...
I'm very...
I've recorded my Uber.
I think I was going to...
I was going to ask you to get back at the hour and a half just to think about this.
Why is everybody already soured on the idea of the podcast?
No, I'm excited to see what you've got in store.
Yeah, okay.
I've literally told Daniel as I was getting ready to come here.
I'm like, I don't have to do any more.
have to do anything. I don't have to prep anything. This isn't my show. Yeah. I don't have to
try. You didn't bring anything? There's like 20 minutes that I was like, oh, Riley will
fill that. I wish I wouldn't know. I mean, I can do it. I have something. What do you have
a little something? You always bring something. You don't need to do it today. I've also
saying plug your shit because Melanie doesn't know who you guys, well, she knows Riley. I
don't know who the fuck you are. It's nice to meet you by the way. I have a podcast called
Perfect Person. It's calling my god. I said you didn't want to plug. It has a lot of
listeners. So you're actually sitting with podcast royalty. I don't know about that. I mean,
yeah, we do. Okay, listen, nice. That one is like doing very well. So if someone goes, now we do
okay. It's like 100 million listeners to pop. That's too many. So many listeners that you
get rolled up on by the pops. Yeah, and that was a pop. So watch the level. Melanie's
like the most famous Kiwi in the world though. That's not true at all. Who is? Don't say
the prime minister. Can you do this all service? I didn't. Would be pretty high up there. Do
you want to do your Jacinda? Rose McIver, you know Rose McIver, she's doing pretty well.
She's a hardcore citizen. I thought. Why what makes you think that? I don't fucking care.
You can be a citizen of somewhere else but like be originally from a different place. Don't
ex-confuse. Don't. I have a question for you. So Miles is like a billionaire with a million
listeners. Sorry, 100 million listeners. 100 million pop. Melanie is the most famous Kiwi
ever. What's my thing? Riley also has a really successful podcast. No, no, no, no. It's like
it has to be different than Miles. Yes. It just got into that. Well, I know one big
town to the actor producer. Well, you're missing the thing. You're going to be like super
model of the world. Yeah, so you wanted me to be really excited. You don't do those things.
I was going to say, oh, you were just having fun. The curtain bangs didn't come up. That's fine.
We don't have to talk about it. Why would that be offensive if I talked about your hair? No,
it's just shows to offer that Riley is really excited. You just got the curtain bangs. I got
a couple months ago, but honestly Miles, I got them turned recently. Yeah. That's damn right.
Yeah. Yeah. I can't. You're just got into the New York comedy festival. We're talking
about your bangs. I described my bangs as an accessory that I have all the time. That's
what I'm going to show there. What do you want to put? You're doing what is it? A charity
fundraiser? That's what this feels like. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say that. I'm
sure. So what do you guys up to later? So I actually have just some stuff I wanted. So fast.
So fast that he's bringing this up. Well, I guess I just wanted to all say it will do
a little thing where I'll say a quote. Okay. And you guys tell me what you think. I got
you actually brought a little something. I did bring a little something. I think it is just
leaving you. He's the camera not squared up on me. Oh my God. This is an outrage. This
is an outrage. You just talk like normal on the show. Like if you didn't acknowledge that
I was up, people wouldn't have seen me up and it wouldn't have been the rest of the show. His
island would have moved. And people would have been like, why is this island moving? Let's
correct. I don't, though. But if I did, I would have taken a fence. Wait, you're changing
every camera. That's crazy. And one of the chances. If you just like randomly adjusted
it, they would be like, these are enough cameras that one of them should be in focus.
It's just like why would they ever be out of focus? The producer can was fine. I think
a great comedian is someone who can play a language like an instrument. Jeffrey Jane. We're
honest. We're obviously cutting this. We're cutting this. Why? Why? Because he also said
a couple other choice things in here. Oh my, please, what's from Jeff? This is an interview
with Jeff from who gives a shit. This is the earliest we've ever cut to break. No way.
I want to get more. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Guys, sometimes you feel uncertain
about where you're going in life, right? You don't know what the right path is or how
you're going to get through it. But that's true of all of life. We're always faced with
tough choices and the path is not always clear. You know, whether you're dealing with
decisions around career, relationships or anything else, therapy helps you stay connected
to what you really want while you navigate life so that you can move forward with confidence
and excitement. Trusting yourself to make decisions that align with your values is like
anything. The more you practice it, the easier it gets. I'm in therapy every week, you know,
I hope it shows. And I do it because I want to better myself. I want to constantly be evolving
hopefully towards a better, more evolved version of myself. And that's why I'm in therapy.
That's why therapy is worth giving a try. And if you're not going to do it for you,
at least do it for the people around you so that you can show up as the best version of yourself.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online,
designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire
to get matched with the licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional
charge. Let therapy be your map with better hope. Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month. Again, that's better help. HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help. This is a point in any of this.
Let's figure out what the point of it is. We're not doing this.
I do an interview with my sister's magazine.
But you made that genuinely? Kind of because it was a really earnest, it's an earnest publication.
So I gave her an answer. But you didn't say what the question was. It wasn't unpromptious.
I'm writing so much worse because of what I'm going to have this afternoon.
I guess I'm Jeffrey James. I look at Los Angeles and I guess I think of my comedy,
like a multi-passed entity. Yeah. I'm like an orchestra at the moment. You can be conductor
and first chair violin at the same time. Did you have a play in the instruments, Jeff?
Are you a musician of sorts? I played the clarinet because I was forced to do it in school.
I played clarinet as well and then I would forget to break this and I was the fan.
That seems unrelated to you because you're doing so much error. That's too much error by the way to play the clarinet.
No, my clarinet teacher like seemed me to the school counselor because I kept
trying to do clarinet practice and because I wasn't eating enough food and just blowing a lot of it.
Yeah, I think I was scared. I just you have to stand and blow for so long. It's crazy.
No, I guess I had breakfast. It was fun. I was bad at the clarinet. I did play it because of
Squidward. You played Squidward because you liked the Squidward. I played a woodwind because of Squidward.
Well, it's interesting you bring music. It's interesting. It didn't even have the same vowel sound.
It's interesting because you have talking about music there because I take a lot of inspiration from music.
When I write, I usually hop back and forth between my laptop and my guitar.
All right, I'm ready. I'm ready to hear if it may consider for me now.
Oh, I'm going to just sit cool. I'm just feeling it. It's so funny because I did so
little prep for this. Anyway, it's wonderful. I grew up with Jeffrey James interview in the first
thing that came up. He hasn't been brought up to you in a silly context before, which is so surprising.
My sister runs it. She runs this like very serious cool online magazine and she was like, I'd love
to interview you for it. And I was like, what the fuck am I supposed to say? So I kind of was
I was trying to do something more. I was so pretentious to a sibling. Like, she
because it was published. You like, you type a couple lines of was scripted into your
funny, but it makes me think of it. I just have to let a see and that's actually a court.
I've really raised the night with. I got to play as well again. I'm only playing sting.
I'm not like a son. He's not trying to write an email on the camera.
To get out of your system. It was really long. I mean, I'll bring up some later, but you don't
can move. No, I can't be a theory why. I think I'm going to throw up. It's like I'm doing
your working. They call it a keyboard. And we've begun it. I'm going to keyboard just another instrument.
I mean, there's some quotes in here. I'm not even comfortable saying because they're so intimate.
But I, yes, of course. I don't say any of the interview. It's really special. I need to
him more. Oh, man. I mean, let me just sort of.
Bond of the week. Basically every week until the next 007 is cast, we're lobbying up our casting
options for the next James. What happens when is this? Will the segment just be gone?
No, it'll just be over. Okay. That makes sense. My pick this week is Steven Sondheim.
Sondheim. Steven Bondheim. You think he? Oh, it just has to sort of sound? No,
freight night. It could be anything you want, but so it's instead of like, so what can you do?
Want to Saturday night alone? It'll be. There's the only sign I've referenced you everything.
So what can you do with a boss named him as Bond?
Fuck you guys, right? Because I got for a lot of effort into the shit. Did you? He Googles one thing.
Clicked on the first result. He says everybody's dying. Everybody's in shit. How much time? And also what
I want to fighting that. Did you go? And what song are you playing? I'm writing that. I'm going to go with Harry Styles.
Fine. Mel. We go with Lin men well Miranda. Oh, women will bond right. Right.
I was double a little seven.
Oh, my god. I'm going to go with a barista at this coffee shop near where I live.
Name drop. I only know the first name. His first name is Cam. And it's crazy because James one often
stops with the last name. Yes. The whole point. This is for visual. Cam gave me like a
very knowing look when I'm like, can I get like 2% milk in that? Do you have that? And Cam's kind of like looks
back to like. Oh, yeah. I think we can make that work. And I was fine. Where is she? He was fine with you
having dairy. And now you think he should be the next double. Yes. And I don't mean this to her feelings.
That might be the worst spot of the week we've ever done. I think Cam is going to do great.
You think his name was Cam? It was Cam. I would not live faster than him for that. Can bond.
You're going to change the name. It's like you make Cam. What?
I do that again. The name's bond. Can bond. Oh. And it's a family name. Your first name.
So, can Junior? Yeah. Got it. Let me ask you guys this. How many idiots does it take to rob
the Gucci store? Done. It's like you. Have this prepared. You looked at your laptop. I mean, you went
where you saw you raided. I'm just wondering how many dumbasses would it take to rob a Gucci store?
How many? Nine. Nine, maybe it's. What is a letter? A letter here today. The Gucci store in
century city at the century city mall was robbed by nine fools. That was today. Maybe yesterday.
And I just I wanted to know. I wanted you guys to guess it was. I was just how many
does it take? I think you're going to be like one to watch the door. One to the door. One to the
minute. Did you just guess the number? I thought it was a conversation starter. You thought.
So, did you want us to be like, whoa, that's crazy. And you call them idiots. So, like, you're
just like quite upset by the story. I think that the horseman loathies are all right. Yeah. Stole from
the rich and gave to themselves. Mr. Beast is reportedly suing his ghost kitchen partner who
makes the Mr. Beast burger. Wow. Because due to reports that the burgers are according to
customers, disgusting and quote revolting. So, my question to y'all is what would your ghost kitchen be?
Sorry. Yeah. So, the question is not like, you know, Mr. Beast has a Mr. Beast burger. What would your
burger be? The question is what would your ghost kitchen be? That your celebrity? And
I'm not talking about you. Wow. My name's Ken Bricewell. I was saying like in this
in the event that you guys are like a really famous rich celebrity. Yeah. Humboldt. Tom Holland.
No, I'm not saying which celebrity would you be or who you would fuck. Oh, James Cameron.
Wow. I don't know if you're not hearing me or you just don't understand.
You're a ghost kitchen. Cameron Diaz. James Cameron Diaz kitchen. No, all these celebrities
are pairing up with like fucking door to Ash affiliates and making like ghost kitchens where they
don't have a storefront, but they make a product. Oh, that's what a ghost kitchen. Yeah.
Yeah. No, what do you think a ghost kitchen was?
Haunted alpha. I was worried about and that's what I was worried about.
We rarely do this, but I'm going to take another break. What are you talking about? No way.
That's a good joke. You got to end on that. Okay. That was George.
Today we're here with a sponsor for your bouncing bundle of joy. And no, we're not talking about a baby.
We're talking about your baby makers. That's right. Today's show is brought to you by
man-scaped. Just like babies, your delicate little guys have sensitive skin and deserve products
that are not only skin-safe, but made with safe ingredients. That's where man-scapes platinum package
comes in. From razors to shower care, this package goes above the gold standard for your body here.
So treat your beautiful boys to the world's finest toys at man-scaped.com and use our code
what's that for 20% off plus free shipping? The man-scaped platinum package 4.0 is the one
stop shop for the man who deserves it all. They designed this package to allow you to fully
align your entire hygiene routine with elite products. Inside this platinum package, you'll find
their lawnmower 4.0 trimmer, weedwacker ear and nose hair trimmer, ultra premium body wash,
ultra premium two-in-one shampoo and conditioner, ultra premium deodorant, crop-preserver,
anti-chaping ball deodorant, crop-reviver ball spray toner, anti-chaping boxers, and the
shed travel bag to hold your goods while traveling. Get 20% off and free shipping with the code
what's that at man-scaped.com. That's 20% off with free shipping at man-scaped.com and use code
what's that? Use the platinum package because the gold standard is no longer good enough.
I have a question. I have a question. What? I'm sure I've asked this in the past but it's been
a while since I've been on the show and I'm wondering what is it? What is it? I was actually
also wondering that. Because it's like we're getting news segment jokes like kind of like a week
end of date type of vibe but then we're also getting bond of the I'm just I guess like what like
the why, like the why of the show. Yeah and it takes away some of your end just to pile on.
Take your hat. It takes just to add insult to insult. It takes away some of your sort of
evil power to be behind the desk while we're all of it. Yes completely. I thought it was sort of like
no. I can barely see you because there's like a camera and another camera. Like you're
behind. You want to take a picture of it on your phone and we'll put it in. You're behind two
tripods. It's difficult to kind of render you. Yeah. Sort of a sex pod. Sorry. Double try.
Don't look at me after you say something like that. I have that one in my shirt. I know who's
I added that one the week before I would guess it on perfect person and then it was the first sound
you played and I was like holy ship. This is an honor. Yeah. Three months. Guys, let's fucking
let's rain it in. Right. Let's figure out what you're going to have to touch a moment.
Silence. We didn't know nothing to rain it. Can I say this? This is now picked a bone with me that
I've been picking with the guests for years. She said that the show is what did you say? It was kind
of uncomfortable to listen to. I mean, that's like nothing that no one hasn't said before. It's just
the voice and I'm just being so comfortable in silence. What I see. I'm not comfortable with it.
This is what I want to talk about because I'm constantly preaching overlapping dialogue. But
everything that I say seems to pause everyone, stop everybody in their tracks. I want it to be like
radio. I want it to be like miles is kind of interrupting the tail end into some of my sentence.
You want it to be like radio? There's one. I mean, sorry, you're about to say something.
I was just going to say, are you still working radio? And if there was a long enough pause,
the station would start playing a song because it would be like something's wrong. That
something doesn't play correctly. And if it was like, it had to be ridiculously long at 30 seconds.
And one time, there was a minute silence that was, I can't remember what it was for, but then about
halfway through, it's Brittany Bitch. And it was just like a moment of silence for someone who had passed.
Whoa. Okay, so let's try it out. Let's do 30 seconds of silence right now. No, let's just do it.
Let's not be able to handle it. Let's just do it and see how it goes.
Let's just do it. All right. That's how long you can go. I'm going to set a 30 second time. This is the worst statement.
Starting now.
Hey.
Don't cook rice wine.
Singing rice likes it.
Even emotions will destroy the harmony.
Don't cook rice wine.
You saw my aunt, she just passed away and gave me the dance.
You're right mother's daughter back then.
I'm like a group of
LinkedIn, Street, Group of Colours,
December 16.
Like and share your enjoys.
Like, share your delivers.
If you continue to write sweet guys,
Don't cook rice wine, burn rice like cans, no one should ever steam their rice
sell dente, you should scorch it, torch the grains, and if somebody serves you rice
sell dente, don't feel pressured, trash that rice, don't owe my coffee, so long,
don't trust the chef, shes don't no rice, trash right from shes, I'm in love with
the whole fucking thing, it's so serious, it's that or cast, it's a rice that feels like sand,
you made it out, when you hold it in your hands, don't undercharge rice, don't cook rice fine,
go every bite of rice, or eat a pair, so many rice will be used from, let me name some,
oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
That's it, long grain white rice, brown rice, black rice and red rice, okay, tie jasmine rice, tons of
grits, grits, grits, grits, grits count as rice, you should think grits, hoysin, don't sorry,
fish sauce, flame to green, there's a lot of sauce, well, don't good rice fine, these
dishes, I can't you dig it, don't cook rice fine, don't cook rice fine, and that was a
moment of silence, I want to talk to the lyrics and get notes on them, I mean I have a lot
of notes, firstly, so long, I've never had a full song, you came in and sort of like a secondary
voice, being like, what kind of rice, it's like a call in response portion, basically at the
same time you said it, where he's like, don't let me down, I mean where to start, one, I just,
the reason I was raising my hand, the moment of silence, I just want to double back really quick,
is that I would like to see a 30 second moment of silence where you don't have another
task to do, where you actually have to sit in the moment of silence without like, oh, I got
to pull up, don't cook rice fine, you know, you have to music, I get the lyrics, it's like
that took up the 30 seconds for you, and so I, the reason I was like, hey, cut that shit out,
it's like literally be in this, yeah, be in the moment, yeah, no, I'm just going to say, I need to focus
out, but I think sometimes, yeah, you're teeing something up, and you're being here right now,
that's what I was going to say, be here now, were you going to say, what was like, Ramdas, yeah,
he was so good. Elyrica enjoyed, this is maybe really nice, was don't trust shifts, yeah, I felt like
he was making a political point, I like that, and I really, I felt like he believed that when you
sit on a costaire, like, don't, we're going to talk to the lyrics, we don't need to do the whole thing,
we'll do the whole thing, we'll do the whole thing, we'll do the whole thing, I think we can sort of give
our bullet points, and then maybe, I think I just talked through, you know, real quick, and you
got to talk a whole song, you got to basically just do the whole, I'm not going to sing, I don't know,
is that what you're worried about? That's not what I'm worried about. Don't cook rice fine,
send rice like sand, and again, I just want to, and I hate to, this is a bit from, how many,
seven years ago? It was last fall. No, we did do it right, but it's for, you know, I'm
sorry, I was talking about, I don't, whatever the rice situation, three and a half years,
no, no more. It's been longer. Oh, the exactly rice. Yes. So five years, yeah. So they
was five years ago to the day that that sort of came in your life, and then we're sort of here,
rehashing. I don't like endings. Yeah. Don't cook rice fine, burn grains from cans.
Just, do you think rice comes in a can? There's no way you couldn't find a variety of
rice that comes in. And it would be cum-jell sand by the way. That's a great story,
because then all you have to do is chart it. I want, for like a special episode, I want you to
cook rice the way you describe it in your music, creating scraps and just sand. Like,
sing to the sand, you know, whatever the fuck you talk about, and I want you to eat it,
and I want you to put it hoisin, dark soy fish sauce, the whole shabang. It's a lot of stuff.
A lot of stuff. Don't trust ships. Yeah. Yeah. You're beautiful like performance art piece.
Yeah, that's the thing. I mean, because you're not going to get that chart. You're not going to get
those grits unless you use a ton of sauce with a lot of sweets. Sorry. Sort of foreshadowing,
because the next one we do might be also incorporating sugar. The next one we do. We do.
You mean the song that you're saying on this? No one should ever steam their rice,
Alden, too. That's crazy. I have that tissue. That's so weird that you mentioned them.
You should scorch it, torch the grains. Again, you are pausing, I guess, press the
egg and jump. I've had something caught in my throat for a while. It's not COVID.
Very back. I'm going to go just like finger this out really quick. Yeah. And you're sure you don't just
like need a break. No, I'm pausing it. You can really do it. She says it's not kind of that. And she says
it's just because we're just trying to get that wrong. Yep. Got it. So sorry, your cam, your Jeff is now in the dark.
Because he's sort of alone. No more seeing me, I guess. No, the other cameras are on.
Yep. Because I need to make sure that yeah, I'm on.
And if somebody just certainly blurry, it's just like, they were all at a focus, which makes no sense.
No one is ever sitting in an area that's not these chairs. So it should probably never be out of focus.
Exactly. That's like, you were gone for like, you're going to say, so brief a moment.
Did you hear that? Clear your throat. Yeah.
That's fine to be on mine. It's okay to clear it throat.
And if somebody wasn't here, that one, that was a,
that was just going to be like a seven minute song about burning rice. I don't think I need to
worry. And if somebody serves you rice, you said you weren't going to say that. You said you
weren't going to say that was toxic. That was toxic. That's halfway, but not all the way. No, that's
what you were doing. The song you talk saying. If I say that I'm abstaining from sex for a
summer. I feel like I guess people. Sorry. I what the fuck is wrong with you?
Don't, if somebody serves your rice, I'll then tell you, don't feel pressured, trash that rice.
What are we doing right now? We heard the fucking song. We don't have anything to say about it.
Other than what we've already said, I just this the last segment.
Are you trying to pad time until the end of that time? Yeah.
You've got there. Don't, don't, don't. But your camera's still off. We don't need to see. We
are absolutely, you're the main character. Don't, oh my, Kasey. There's no way you don't trust this
chef. Chef, as a, as a, a, a, a biggest producer. Yes. Take out your phone cannot can't, can't, can't,
can't bond won't. No, because the file's going to be like 18 gigabytes turn on the camera on the
camera. Oh, because you, you guys weren't here with Melanie saw that I was like trying to set
this camera up, and it was like a fucking headache. We're already recording. I just want to push
through them. They don't need to see me. We did a bunch of these without a producer camera as
behind the desk. It was fine. Don't, oh my, Kasey. Don't trust the chef. Chefs don't know
rice. Trash, right, chef. Right, right, chef. Hearing it after you've sung it is like you kind of
putting like a slam poetry angle of it. Right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah, it's one of the
activities waiting for this. I'm in love with Bosmati. Seared in skillets that are cast. It's a
rice that feels like sand when you hold it in your hands. Don't under char rice. What's the
point of this segment of this speaking it after you sung it? I'm putting together an album
of these songs. So I'm premiering them as demos and trying to get notes on the lyrics.
You guys aren't giving many, which I'm assuming means it was perfect. When you hit
poison, I got chills in a good way. I thought that was like if you get at more of that energy.
Okay, so you want me to really go for it. I thought that was really good. Don't under char
rice. Don't cook rice fine. Scald every bite of rice or eat a pair. Okay. I guess like for you.
So it's you're cooking the way you want. I'm cooking. That's exactly what I'm cooking. No,
the way you want the rice to be cooked is to your taste. Exactly right. And that's just burnt.
Charity, yeah, carbonized. Okay. Carbonized. Basically, I want the grains to be
cotterized to those. That fair to say now. There are so many grains of rice to choose from.
Let me name some bomba rice. Long grain white, long grain white, rice brown rice, black rice and red
rice, Thai Jasmine rice, tons of grass. I think that's right. That's my favorite bit. That's a favorite
runner. That's a favorite runner. It's all of that and ending with tons of grits. Just a lot of
good ones. One of the other ones had any volume metric measurement. Yeah. Grits count as rice.
You should sing grits.
Oh, yes. Yes. See that. I really like the eerie nature of that.
Really hot. Yes. Flamed grains. I feel like we're not like we're the judges on the voice.
But we can't do that. Actually, everything else was behind the desk. I'm still looking.
Yeah, I agree. Don't cook rice. I don't cook rice. I don't cook rice.
I don't all of our teams are really cheap. Can you dig it? Don't cook rice. Fine.
Great. What's next? How long does it get all right? That was like an hour.
It feels like a appropriate amount. Yeah, it seems about right. About right. Yeah, exactly.
Um, wax. What do you guys want to talk about? Well, the energy spoiled. The energy spoiled.
I just sang for you. That was exhausting. Because I feel like we did it twice. I feel like I'm
very mean. Okay. Do you guys this after the first after I sang it? Yeah. The energy was
maybe still there. Yeah. Please and brought me back. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually,
have like you don't have a bad boy. No, you should do it. You're hitting those nuts. And then we
talked through the lyrics and now the energy is sucked. 100%. Okay, so should I sing it again? No,
I get it from back now. Okay. Uh, cute. Every. She's one. Oh, we've really gotten somewhere,
but it's hanging on by a thread. I really need you guys to come through from it. We come through
for me right now with the overlapping dialogue, the radio style, so that there isn't those
long pregnant pauses for no reason where we're not getting anywhere. Right. So like let's talk
about some shit. Let's dive into some earnest topics. I almost had fish gotten dated. Trump got
undated. I want to hear about this fish. Fish get it. It feels like you're pretty good at this.
The band. Yeah, the band is all in jail. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Well, I. Sure. Oh, yeah. So Trump
got, when does this, does this come out on Friday or just come on next Friday? Yeah, it's a little
sort of be stale. Yeah, stale. You're not even from the talk. Talking about those Gucci bags. It was
still. Yeah. That was yeah. People. Big news. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's the night winding down because
it is like 840. Like, are we like getting into like a night cap territory? Is this you hitting
on someone in the book? Do we still we want to do a night cap territory? Okay, so let's do that.
We'll do three different scenarios. It's a fun little game. A little improv game. We're like,
I'm hitting on each of you guys individually at a bar and we just see how it goes. All right,
sure. Let's start with miles. Okay. But you have to start with that and then screw it goes
I think they all have to be organically blank. Okay, sure. Blank him is starting from scratch.
Do we know each other? Or is this we we've we I'm walking up to you. We have not talked yet. Okay,
is that a dirty is that a dirty Shirley? I'm trying to get to the bottom of your drink.
Because you my friend are sort of a tall drink of water. Is it a dirty? That's so nice. That's
really nice of you. Or is it a whirling dervish? What is your drinking you're talking when I'm talking
I don't know what you're saying, but I'm just waiting for some friends. I'm kind of wondering
if you're drink, that's all I'm wondering. You okay? He's black out drunk. Is it a is it a
dervish or is it a Shirley? I don't know because we can spike that up real nice. I definitely want you
to spike my drink. No, not without the hall with the mood of our conversation. Okay,
shoot your shot. You're buck. I'm nervous as hell. Don't believe that. It makes you so unattractive to me.
I don't live close. What say you and I take it all the way back to Marina Del Rey? I don't want
to go to Marina Del Rey tonight. I have dance in the morning. We can meet in the middle at a hotel
that I'll pay for. That is really, really too much. You're kidding. I'm kidding. This has been fun,
but I'm just going to close out. I'm married sweetheart. Nice shot though. Nice try. I didn't.
Same. That was awesome. It was beautiful. I think that was PTA. And I don't mean the filmmaker.
I mean pair of jeans. Yeah, Mel. Now's your chance. You're my child. It's correct.
How'd you like this? I'm going to go to the double on you that I can crop down to a single.
This is real footage. This is real footage. Okay. Wait. What are you talking about? We're doing
a scene. The cameras on you. If it goes well, add it to your real. Well, here's the problem.
Is that you. We don't have. It's a sample. It's a fucking monologue sample with dialogue.
I'd like to just, I'd like to before I start the scene. So Miles and Jeff are strangers. Sure.
This scenario, you have like, you're both like seeing each other around this place before.
And it's like, you've caught each other's eye. This is the first time speaking. It's like someone added.
It's not like fully out of the blue. It's like, okay. Like maybe I could this be a little something. Let's find out.
Sure. Okay. Um, Bailey. Sorry. I'm so good. Oh, sorry. I didn't mean that.
Do you want me to talk with you guys? No, that's right. No. It's just, I'm just enjoying my drink. Sorry. I'll leave you.
And see. I've never been more good at that. That was great.
That was beautiful. Yeah. And then that's just really empty. Okay. And now, Riley, you and I are good friends.
And I don't know. What's, was this, is this something? Nothing. Work. I feel like it works better.
You're trying to like reassure yourself. I was just, that positive affirmation. We're good friends.
Tim, is that the same? That was because we just, that was some context to nothing.
Can we just agree on that? Yeah. I think you guys are strange. Miles, you set up the scene.
But I do want the, uh, the kicker to be that Melanie and the same character that you were just as.
You have to come in and interrupt us. It's 10 p.m. at a natural wine mixer at a heavy natural wine mixer.
Like a young Hollywood mixer. We've tried a network. Sure. Yeah. So it's an industry moment. But you think the moment might be that you're going to hook up.
Okay. I want you to start the scene. Okay. That's a great pick-up line. Actually I'm changing my mind.
Yeah. I want you to start the scene. I'm making it. Just start the scene.
Oh, I get it because I'm an actor. And yeah. And so it's it. Um, no, I have a good night. Have a good night.
What, uh, have I seen you or anything? You approached me. And that's where you start a scene.
Start a scene. Um, yeah. I mean, I'm normally more modest in this, but you probably see me in a couple of things.
I'm like all over HBO. Sorry, Max, right now. Um, what do you do? What do you do?
Oh, um, I don't know. I actually- Because this is- You don't know. No, I do. I just- This is a young Hollywood mixer.
And you're like the 19th actor. I've talked to some directors and producer, some writers.
And so what do you do? I'm a union man. What's union? PGA, DGA, sag. CGA.
What is that? Call of girls in America? That's cool. Yeah. So
I've been told that my voice could get even the most
arid woman stopping.
What do you guys have going on? What do you want to point the people to the floor?
Let's start with calling this episode by the way. Um,
I had good math or dark probably. Okay. That's really good.
I'm like- Unless you guys want to like pitch up. No, I was just curious.
I think that's cool. Yeah. You can watch perfect person wherever you get podcast. You can watch it on
YouTube. Um, and you can follow me at Miles Bond. Sorry. I'm just realizing how much head space you have
in this brand. Is it- Tell me what to stop. Stop.
That's so hot. No, what? You've been sitting in the middle of a whole time and like you're behind
the day of skill directing this. Yeah. Why does everything I'm directing this? Because you
do like work. We're dissipating and a share of joy. You're the technical director, man.
You're on set. I was like, where Jeff hasn't left his trailer?
If you're the director, we're participating in a shared joy. You're not your
trailer, and we can see by the way it's shaking that you're wanking. Melanie, plug your stuff.
I'm on Instagram and TikTok and what I- I'm either mellow doodle or Melanie Bracewell on everything.
So try them both. You want? Violence. I'm Riley Antspa, Instagram, Riley Coyote on Twitter, and I
review review on the headgum network. It's an improv. Comedy podcast. Don't know if you could tell
for my amazing improvisational comedy. I did on this show this evening, but uh-
No, TikTok. I honestly, I mostly use my TikTok to watch violence with TikTok.
Now what? Such a long pause. That was for you to take. Yeah.
Take the- Be shy. I don't know. Listen to this. I think I already follows me so that I don't- there's
nothing to plug. I just- I thought you were making TikTok. I was going to get a drink. Yeah.
That's so arrogant.
Was a headgum original.